You start off by learning the C# basics and C# programming concepts in general:

variables

methods

arrays

if statements

loops

Then you learn the three pillars of Object-oriented programming.

Classes and Objects

Inheritance

Polymorphism

Once you mastered them, you will go into advanced C# Topics, such as:

Databases

Linq

WPF

Test-Driven Development TDD (Unit Testing)

In order to really become really good in c# programming, you have to program yourself, so I have created loads of exercises (and quizzes) for you to try for yourself to do c# programming and also to see how it is done afterward. Of course, you learn the best programming practices along the way.



Equipped with those skills, you will build beautiful user interfaces with WPF - A framework, which makes creating GUI’s a piece of cake.
By that point, you can create your very own complex programs.
But what comes next is even cooler.

Learn Game Development with Unity and C# - Build 3 awesome games.

As C# can be used for multiple different areas of programming, I have decided to cover the most important ones. So I have added a whole bunch of chapters specifically designed for a C# developer and Unity game developer - arguably the best Game Engine in the world. In those chapters, you will discover how to create your very own video games by building pong, the mother of video games, and Zig-zag, an amazing and successful endless runner game.

We live in a world where knowledge and work are shared more than ever, so using assets provided by others is a huge boost to your progress.  You will learn how to use 3D assets to make an endless runner. Then you’ll use animations, reset the game, use particle systems, and finally create a map procedurally. That’s quite some advanced stuff right there.



I know that learning to code can be hard at times, and sometimes you just get stuck. But no worries, we are there for you. We answer each question as quickly as we can and make sure that you reach your goal of becoming a developer.



WHO IS THIS COURSE FOR?

The course is for anyone, who wants to learn c# and wants to become professionally good in c# programming. No experience is required whatsoever. It is designed so that anyone who can handle a mouse and keyboard will succeed in finishing it. The only real requisite is the desire to learn.

 30-DAY FULL MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE

This course comes with a 30-day full money-back guarantee. Take the course, watch every lecture, and do the exercises, and if you feel like this course is not for you, ask for a full refund within 30 days. All your money back, no questions asked.  

ABOUT YOUR INSTRUCTOR:

My name is Denis Panjuta, and in my courses, I have taught over 350.000 students how to code. I have a Bachelor of Engineering from the University of Applied Sciences in Constance (Germany). I love teaching and creating high-quality courses. My mission is to teach programming to over 10.000.000 people! 

As you see, this is the only C# course you will ever need!

You will learn all the c# fundamentals, all c# basics, and everything that you need to know to succeed in c# programming and building your own cool video games! 

So don’t waste any more time and start to make your dreams and ideas come true by taking this course now.


What you’ll learn
Learn the fundamentals of programming using C#
Learn how to use variables, methods, loops, conditions
Fully understand how OOP (object oriented Programming) works and how to use it.
Build beautiful GUIs (Graphical User Interfaces) with WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation)
Create video games using C# and Unity 3D
Learn how to handle errors and avoid them
Work with files and text
Learn how to use Linq and Lambda Expressions
Learn how to use Databases with MS SQL Server and Linq
Learn advanced techniques like threading and asynchronus development
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
Visual Studio Community Edition (FREE)
A Windows (10) PC is required for the WPF and Database portions of the course
Who this course is for:
Everyone who wants to learn C#
Everyone who wants to build cross plattform video games with Unity 3D
Everyone who wants to build Pc programs with a beautiful UI using WPF
